Big Data Analytics and Humanoid Robots
Big data analytics is one of the key technologies of humanoid robot. It is the process of examining large data sets containing a variety of data types to uncover hidden patterns, unknown correlations, possible trends and many other useful information. The speed and efficiency of big data analytics make humanoid robots capable of identifying insights for immediate decisions. In other words, big data analytics is the key for humanoid robots to perceive information, think critically and give responses. 

Big Data Analytics Applications
There are various examples of big data analytics applications. In the medical industry, robots could scan patient’s body and then based on the entire medical knowledge library to inform surgeon’s decisions. In call centres, computers interpret natural language questions and answer back after analysing its massive data memory. In the US Airforce, drones are armed with high resolution cameras that generate image which can be transmitted via satellite to a powerful big data engine that monitors call logs of potential targets. These successful stories indicate that big data analytics creates meaningful value to businesses and is widely adopted across industries. This provides strong confidence that humanoid robots can also adopt big data analytics to include more functions and improve performance exponentially.













Greater Capabilities
The big data cycle states that consumers’ demanding requirements has brought about more effective technologies in big data analytics. Some newly introduced technologies, NoSQL and Apache Spark for instance, are designed with greater capabilities and higher performance. Humanoid robots, which highly rely on big data analytics to perform its functionality, can take advantage of these technologies to deliver better services.
Lower Cost
Big data analytics is foreseen to be offered at lower cost. New solutions for Hadoop, which run many different tasks against data concurrently, make Hadoop a low-cost, general-purpose platform to handle big data. And SQL on Hadoop offers alternatives to costlier software and applications. With this in mind, humanoid robots can also take advantage of this and enjoy lower cost when using big data analytics.
Rapid Data Growth
The rapid adoption of big data technologies across industries generates greater amount of data. The amount of data is expanding at an astonishing pace. Experts predict data production will be 44 times greater in 2020 than it was in 2009, pointing to a 4300% increase in annual data generation by 2020. With more data available for mining, more insights and correlations can be found, thus generating more available options for humanoid robots to act on in response to people’s actions and behaviors.

