 5.2. CHILDCARE APPLICATIONS
Industry leaders and robotics experts has been actively exploring the use of humanoid robots in the childcare industry, and few prototypes, known as Pepper, PaPeRo and Or-B, are already announced to the public and used for research purpose in the childcare industry.

Pepper
Pepper is designed to communicate with you in the most natural and intuitive way, but apart from this, his most unique selling point is its ability to perceive emotions. It can interpret your emotion and give you appropriate feedbacks. It can also memorise your personality traits, preferences and adapt himself to your tastes and habits. Its exceptional communication skills and amazing ability to understand human beings make it possible to handle the specific needs of children and make friends with them easily.
  
PaPeRo
PaPeRo is designed as a personal childcare assistant. It is equipped with touch sensors for children to interact with him by touching or patting. It also has built-in mobile phone that can utlilize TV conferencing features. When a parent calls, PaPeRo will find their child and start the conversation using his speakers and microphones. PaPeRo can serve the role as a home tutor by giving quizzes to children and responding to children’s answer.
  
Or-B
Or-B is a ‘care-droid’ prototype introduced by RoHo Care. It is proved to be a highly productive robot. One human supervisor together with four Or-B is able to up to 60 children, which is three times higher than the average child-to-staff ratio. Its highly accurate facial recognition can instantly recall an infinite number of names and quickly access a child’s emotional state and respond accordingly. Moreover, it can access vast library of cartoon episodes and quickly defuse any temper tantrum and crying jag that might occur. 

Humanoid Robots Capabilities




Humanoid Robots Replenish Childcare Provider’s Labour Loss

The demand for childcare services has been steadily increasing over the last few decades, leading to more employment opportunities and contributing to the sustainable growth of the childcare industry, childcare workers do not benefit much from the growth. Even childcare workers have training and education comparable to other occupations, they earn less, work longer hours, far less likely to receive benefits and seldom viewed as professions. The high job dissatisfaction among childcare workers makes many of them leave their job and discourage many from entering the occupation at all.
Childcare Industry Outlook
Growing Market	Poor Working Conditions
7% Annual Market Growth	Nearly 30% Childcare Workers Work More Than 40 Hours Per Week
Fee Increased by 70% in Past 26 Years	Childcare Workers’ Median Wage Has Not Increased Over the Past 20 Years
2.6% Annual Employment Growth	Childcare Workers Earn Less than 1/3 of Kindergarten Teachers
1.1M Employment Opportunities in 2020	30% Employee Turnover Rate

Nonetheless, a humanoid robot is a viable substitute to fill up the job vacancies resulted from employee’s turnover. The capabilities of humanoid robots demonstrated their abilities to fulfil the job responsibilities of a childcare worker. Also, unlike human staff, humanoid robots never tire of performing the same daily tasks and work long hours per day. More importantly, they are designed to serve human beings and do not incorporate with the mind to think about job satisfaction or switch jobs. Childcare providers can therefore enjoy stable supply of labour to maintain its operations by employing humanoid robots. 
Humanoid Robots is the Next Future
Although there are still many rooms for improvements, Pepper, PaPeRo and Or-B have demonstrated great potential to become the next personal childcare assistant. Industry leaders and robotics experts both gradually recognise humanoid robot’s advantages and potential to replace human labour. Together with a growing industry, more resources are expected to be devoted in the development of humanoid robots in the use of childcare industry, and more models and prototypes of humanoid robots will be released in the near future to provide better childcare services.

