5.3. CUSTOMER SERVICE APPLICATIONS 
 
In the very beginning, the reason for staff in the canteen to purchase the robot is very simple. It is getting increasingly harder to hire a professional shaved noodle cook in Hangzhou, Zhejiang. There are less young people wishing to be professional cooks nowadays. While the robot only costs RMB 6500 (about $1000), the annual salary for a professional noodle cook is RMB 50k – 60k (about $9000 - 10000). Though at first, students come to taste the shaved noodles due to a fresh curiosity, the number of the robot’s fans keep steady as the noodles it makes taste really delicious. 
Considering the increasing advanced technology and higher labor cost, more humanoid robots will take their roles in service industry. Except for the shaved noodle robot, there will be more scenarios where humanoid robots will take place of persons to provide better service to consumers with a lower cost. Here are some leading companies manufacturing state-of-art humanoid robots.

1.	Savioke’ Relay
 
Savioke (pronounced "savvy oak") is creating autonomous robot helpers for the services industry. They are passionate about delivering easy-to-use yet sophisticated robots that can help people. They aim to improve the lives of people by developing and deploying robotic technology in human environments - the places people live and work.
Series A funding round completes at the end of 2015. They raised $15M, in a round led by Intel Capital, with strong participation by EDBi of Singapore and Northern Lights Venture Capital (NLVC) of China. They have been able to work through the early issues and come up with a product that really works, 24/7, in real human environments. In one week, the fleet of robots in the field surpassed 12,000 deliveries to hotel guests.
Relay is now appearing in hotels around Silicon Valley and beyond. During the summer of 2015, the fleet of Relays surpassed 5,000 deliveries made and over 1,000 miles traveled. In addition to the robots in the Aloft Cupertino and Aloft Silicon Valley, Relay can now be found in the Crowne Plaza Silicon Valley/San Jose and the Holiday Inn Express in Redwood City. 
Relay is the culmination of months of prototype testing, code hardening, and rolling in customer feedback. It has been in production and a majority of parts are fabricated in California. This was a big milestone in scaling to meet demand for early adopters.
 

2.	Fetch Robotics’ Freight
 
Fetch Robotics is a venture-backed Silicon Valley startup that will revolutionize the way work is done with innovative robotic solutions.
Fetch Robotics, led by CEO Melonee Wise, one of the leading young figures in robotics, announced a $20 million Series A round led by SB Group US, a unit of Japan’s Softbank in 2015.
 
In April 2015, the San Jose-based company announced a pair of robots in April that are intended to help automate warehouses and fulfillment centers. Fetch’s Freight robot works with human pickers in a warehouse as they gather products to be shipped, following them carefully much like a faithful dog. Workers toss product into bins Freight carries, and when they’re full, it goes off to a shipping area and another can be summoned. The one-armed Fetch potentially replaces the human picker, at least for many kinds of objects, and can work with Freight for more autonomous operation of a warehouse. Each can return to a charging base automatically.
In the past couple of years, Google has bought at least eight robotics companies in a concerted effort to stake a claim on the field, which is benefiting from a combination of cheaper sensors, more adept software, and other factors. That presents a distinct challenge to startups such as Fetch, which have to compete with Google and other companies for talent.

3.	 Fellow Robots’ OSHbot
 
Fellow Robots is at the forefront of reimagining these uses for the best retail experience – to improve your experience when shopping and to help employees with the most up to date information on inventory and location of goods and services
The model for delivering customer service in retail stores has remained largely unchanged for the last few decades. With the influence from e-commerce, nowadays brick and mortar customers are expecting instant search, personalized service, easy access to extensive knowledge, etc., that can’t be provided by the traditional model.
 
The future of shopping is here and its name is OSHbot. Fellow Robots is reimagining retail robotics to create a smarter retail environment. OSHbot communicates with shoppers to identify what they need and then autonomously navigates through the store to provide easy and a rapid selection to selected items. This creates smarter shoppers and a more efficient shopping experience.
Fellow Robots is at the forefront of reimagining uses for the best retail experience – to improve experience of shopping and to help employees with the most up to date information on inventory and location of goods and services.
With a diverse team of experts in AI, robotics, software, design and manufacturing, Fellow Robots is working closely with its partners to build the next generation of smart retail robots – which will improve the lives of all of us.
