HOW HUMANOID ROBOTS CAN BE USED IN HOSPITALS?
As revealed from the Journal of Patient Safety, medical errors leading to patient death are much higher than previously thought, and may be as high as 400,000 deaths a year. Also, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development suggested that health and long term care will account for about half of the increase in age-related social expenditures between 2000 and 2050.
So, there is a growing trend that more hospitals are deploying humanoid robots that automate simple operational tasks or provide new ways for physicians to interact with patients beyond the bedside. Healthcare experts said that humanoid robots can help reduce costs, make operations more efficient and serve as a marketing tool to position hospitals as early adopters of cutting-edge technology. The promise of better outcomes, including reductions in medication errors also attracts hospital to adopt humanoid robots.




II. ELDERLY
 

HOW HUMANOID ROBOTS CAN HELP THE ELDERLY?
Loneliness was found to have a much stronger impact on the psychological well-being of the elderly. Globally, 40% of older persons aged 60 years or over live independently (alone). Humanoid robot can especially take care of isolated people, check on the elderly and monitor their health and safety, and also play a role in reducing feelings of loneliness and isolation. A successful humanoid robot can synchronise emotions with a human companion so a relationship and emotional bond can be built between elderly and the humanoid robot. 
   
Besides, there is a need of using humanoid robots to substitute as health workers. Obviously, special care is needed for particularly the older adults. Because people typically demand more health care services later in life, the demand for health care workers will likely grow faster than in the past. However, an aging population will result in many health workers retiring during the next 20 years. Thus, employing humanoid robots can act as health workers to take care of the elderly.
