The Present Situation 
Currently the development of humanoid robots is under a rapid growth with many large corporations like Honda, SoftBank Group as well as the US government organisations The Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) for instance are expensing their research and development on robotic advancement. More companies are filing their patents on recent innovations and protecting the associated intellectual property rights. This escalating trend happened in the market has accordingly facilitated an ongoing enhancement of the technological architecture which aims to solve the existing social problems appeared in various industries. Machine learning, sensory system and natural language processing for example are being employed in the body of humanoid robots to take care of the elderlies in healthcare industry while military industry is focusing more on big data analytics, data security and motion technologies embedded inside the robots. Nevertheless all robotic activities took place in the market regardless of which industry they are working in are governed and regulated by a set of laws. This practice helps to ensure all behaviours are performed rationally and fairly in the marketplace so that sustainable growth for humanoid robots can be achieved in the long run.
  

From the Past to the Future
Even before Alan Turing made his well-known test about machine intelligence public in the first half of the 20th century, three fundamental laws concerning the operation of a robot had been announced generally saying robots shouldn’t injure humans no matter how strong and powerful they are. With reference to the historical robotic development timeline it is possible to forecast the application of humanoid robots by various economic activities and the respective market value when more humanoid robots are being built and adopted by the public. Utilising physical evidence such as the participating rate of different countries doing research on humanoid robots plus conceptual evidence say the “Three Laws of Robotics” and social norms illustrated from the robotic history can simulate a model showing the population and employment level of humanoid robots in the future. These predictions are expected to assist policy-makers in formulating the relevant global innovation strategies which can better align with the real-world situation and with the ultimate goal to promote persistent technological advancement and hence achieving an exponential growth in the industry of humanoid robots.
Exponential Growth of Humanoid Robot 
 


References:
Institute for the Future. (2015). Human + Machine Futures in Full Colour: Extending Our Senses and Ourselves. Technology Horizons 2015. Retrieved from http://www.iftf.org/our-work/people-technology/technology-horizons/human-machine-futures/ 
