Robotic visual function has shared a number of similarities as human’s eye. They are able to generate huge amounts of information in real-time that the central brain system must possess the capability to handle the vast data collected instantly. Second is that both of them can provide only 2D images for visualisation whilst the information from the eye and camera fails to advise the brain how to segment the world into different objects.
Accordingly robot’s vision system is embedded with instructions to process the data from a camera image. These data processing techniques have been improving days by days and an exponential growth is shown in the later development stage with the concurrent application of big data. 
Development of Data Processing Technique
 
Initial development: The first one is known as an edge-detecting program in which humanoid robots will picture a diagram by comparing the intensity values of neighbouring pixels. The photos received by the robots normally show the edges of an object.

A more advanced data processing method is the stereo algorithms. Under this vision system, humanoid robots capture images from two nearby locations and further compare the slightly difference between them before presenting a final 3D-shape information. 

Recent development (grow more exponentially): Top-down approach is currently being promoted to help the process of image interpretation. In this field of application big data is definitely a useful tool to assist a rich accumulation of past knowledge (Fei Fei, 2015) for identifying different objects. Vision system of the humanoid robots for example can be worked together with the Computer-Aided Design (CAD) model for recognising items from its matured database (Stefan, 2005). The goal is to have the robots obtained as much human cognitive ability as possible in order to recognise an object based on previous memories and practice continuous learning from their day-to-day experience. 
From the earlier progress seen to the latest visual sensory evolution, a continuous technological effort is noticed in enhancing the sensory system of humanoid robots which eventually helps to promote an exponential growth in this particular field.
